README.md, before:

# webreader.io enhancer
I need to reference page numbers for ebooks on webreader.io/cengage.
Irritatingly, even though there _are_ page number markers, the UI itself doesn't
render them. There's even a "go to page" feature, yet there's **no indication**
where a page starts or ends as multiple pages are usually collected on one page.

* This userscript (find a build [here](dist/webreader.js)) add page
  markers to the page to indicate where page breaks are located as seen in the
  screenshot. The gradient effect shows when you hover the pagenumber.

* It also adds visual nesting to the table of contents, that before despite having
  hierarchy, confusingly lacked any indicate of how the hierarchy was structured.

* Additionally, it makes the annotation list accessible by wrapping them in
  **real** links so you can easily open them in a new tab... Otherwise, you're forced
  to click on a three dot menu, click on "Open in Reader," _then_ accept the
  dialog. Finally, it replaces your current tab, so if you have a lot of
  annotations, well good luck finding any of them **again** among the many pages of
  annotations you might have...

* And the same with search results... (see below for screenshot)

## How to use
 1. Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/)

 2. Install this userscript by going [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/b-fuze/webreader-pagemarker/master/dist/webreader.user.js)

 3. Profit :')


## Screenshot
Page numbers

![Screenshot](./assets/screenshot-pagenumbers.png)

Nesting

![Screenshot](./assets/screenshot-nesting.png)

Open search result in new tab

![Screenshot](./assets/screenshot-search-open-new-tab.png)

## License
MIT

Commit message:

feat: expand/collapse toc items without navigating

README.md, after:

# webreader.io enhancer
I need to reference page numbers for ebooks on webreader.io/cengage.
Irritatingly, even though there _are_ page number markers, the UI itself doesn't
render them. There's even a "go to page" feature, yet there's **no indication**
where a page starts or ends as multiple pages are usually collected on one page.

* This userscript (find a build [here](dist/webreader.js)) add page
  markers to the page to indicate where page breaks are located as seen in the
  screenshot. The gradient effect shows when you hover the pagenumber.

* It also adds visual nesting to the table of contents, that before despite having
  hierarchy, confusingly lacked any indicate of how the hierarchy was structured.

* Additionally, it makes the annotation list accessible by wrapping them in
  **real** links so you can easily open them in a new tab... Otherwise, you're forced
  to click on a three dot menu, click on "Open in Reader," _then_ accept the
  dialog. Finally, it replaces your current tab, so if you have a lot of
  annotations, well good luck finding any of them **again** among the many pages of
  annotations you might have...

* And the same with search results... (see below for screenshot)

* It also lets you expand and collapse table of content menu items without
  forcibly navigating to them; before, clicking on the expand/collapse arrows
  also forcefully navigated to the page.

## How to use
 1. Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/)

 2. Install this userscript by going [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/b-fuze/webreader-pagemarker/master/dist/webreader.user.js)

 3. Profit :')


## Screenshot
Page numbers

![Screenshot](./assets/screenshot-pagenumbers.png)

Nesting

![Screenshot](./assets/screenshot-nesting.png)

Open search result in new tab

![Screenshot](./assets/screenshot-search-open-new-tab.png)

## License
MIT
